Udacity--Project-Investigate-TMDB-Movies-Dataset [REPORT]
Project Overview
In this project, we have to analyze a dataset and then communicate our findings about it. We will use 
the Python libraries NumPy, pandas, and Matplotlib to make your analysis easier.
What do I need to install? You will need an installation of Python, plus the following libraries:
pandas
NumPy
Matplotlib
Why this Project?
In this project, we have to go through the data analysis process and see how everything fits together. I 
have also use the Python libraries NumPy, pandas, and Matplotlib, which make writing data analysis 
code in Python a lot easier!
Questions I posed:
1- Movies which had most and least profit
2- 2.Movies with largest and lowest budgets
3- 3.Movies with most and least earned revenue
4- 4.Movies with longest and shortest runtime values
5- 5.Average runtime of all the movies
6- 6.In which year we had most no. of profitable movies
7- 7.Successful genres (with respect to the profitable movies)
8- 8.Most frequent cast (with respect to the profitable movies)
9- 9.Average budget (with respect to the profitable movies)
10- 10.Average revenue (with respect to the profitable movies)
11- 11.Average duration of the movie (with respect to the profitable movies)
What did I do for investigating these questions?
I cleaned the data then found the correlations between the dependent and independent columns 
Data Wrangling :
1- Remove unused columns.
2- Remove duplicate rows.
3- Change release date to date format.
4- Replace zeros in runtime column with NaN and drop them.
5- Replace zeros in budget and revenue columns with NaN and droping them.
6- Change the data types of budget and revenue and runtime columns.
What I have learn?
After completing the project, I have learned following :
1-Know all the steps involved in a typical data analysis process
2-Be comfortable posing questions that can be answered with a given dataset and then answering those 
questions
3-Know how to investigate problems in a dataset and wrangle the data into a format you can use
4-Have practice communicating the results of your analysis
5-Be able to use vectorized operations in NumPy and pandas to speed up your data analysis code
6-Be familiar with pandas' Series and DataFrame objects, which let you access your data more 
conveniently
7-Know how to use Matplotlib to produce plots showing your findings